hello I'm so glad you chose to join us
here at rich dealers daily I'll be the
big idea in the 500 time marketing guy
together juxtaposition wet means what
except we're cool no this video rich
dealers daily is about you getting more
traffic you getting more money in your
pocket whether you're already rich or
you're looking to be that's right I'm
rich dealer yeah this is some awesome to
know what's gonna crack the code on
becoming a rich dealer and by the way
rich be a rich dealer has to do with
more than just money that's right okay
why don't we really don't have time to
get it now it'll be another video but I
want you to us more than just money the
money's certainly an important part of
it because money sort of like fun too
yes it means to an end it means to an
end you have more fun is he ultimately
the big idea here is something called
ESP enjoyable simple and prosperous
let's not get into that let's talk about
the daily topic for today traffic
championship it's about using facebook
connect with customers how about that
face my head if you don't watch the
office you're missing out it's funny
watching more to life than just moving
metal I'm funny kinda funny people what
James Taylor says I haven't seen this
you might see oh it's hysterical yeah
basically Adam Sandler gets a gig to go
to speak to do a stand-up fit at myspace
okay one of his lines that he's got that
Seth Rogen wrote for him his f Facebook
I'm just going to use that myspace
genius
yeah Facebook but you know obviously the
whole full version full word and so when
they get there they're James Taylor is
fine they're gonna follow James Taylor's
health care playing like you know
Carolina right and then at the end I was
like yeah Killoren so after Taylor's get
ready to go off and he's got he's loaded
with this line you dealership and use
racist remark you dealership and
actually get customers yeah it's very
easy I'm pretty so first of all so I you
know I feel like I get friended by some
of the car business or car dealership
probably every day okay here's the thing
the same mistake is made every single
time the friend the person on a printed
by is actually the name of the car
dealership I just comment today was
midget auto sales listen you can't you
can't you cannot create a personal
profile page and name it the car
dealership social media but is about
socializing about connecting with
friends or family person a person that
no one wants to connect with the car
dealership and so it's very annoying and
distasteful and distrustful and hurts
your reputation more than helps your
reputation by creating a profile and
they meet your car dealership and then
going certain friend of media yourself
out of the dealer and then your
dealership should have a fanpage
that's right instead of a person's
profile and you have a fan page for the
dealership you can invite people to join
your fan page you can invite people to
be friends with you as a person and it
should start out as you as a person
friending people in your community
friending past customers vetting process
because
idea of becoming a friend with the car
dealership is very promotional and it
just sort of treats Facebook or social
media the way you would treat you know a
newspaper ad or radio this is a totally
it's a complete change of venue it's a
change of media and the change of
strategy and it's a change you're you're
losing a tremendous opportunity this is
why people hate car dealers this is why
people the car dealerships and car
dealers have bad reputations because
they come in invade their personal space
and just hit them with promotional
messages instead of being a person so so
here's what these happen first of all
you should have a character a
personality and you in your business who
is encouraged to be the dealer to take
your personality be authentic and
exaggerate it to become a personality
that's right now when anyone who you
come in contact with at the dealership
away from the dealership every every up
you gotta always step one is get their
contact information and friend them on
Facebook because everyone's got Facebook
your grandmother's on Facebook find
other groups that are local and do
searches for local people and then begin
to friend them on Facebook but not as a
dealership as the person as the person
no more than like 15 a day by the way to
get treads right and you should have a
lot of information on your facebook page
that's personal and information on the
Facebook page that shows that you are
interested in helping people find
solutions for their transportation needs
there's so much more to talk about on
this topic but we have found something
so important that we have to break to
tell you about it that is the best whoo
that it's the million-dollar marketing
call yes let me tell you why doesn't
really know our marketing call exists
because it of holes in your bucket where
you put your money and your customers
they're leaking out because I have that
leaking out going down the street
money's leaking out going somewhere L
found the dealers in the autumn of it
God knows where she's going
dealers are losing a million dollars a
year in profit because of bad marketing
because of all this stuff we can fix it
for you I see a series of simple
questions we'll find the holes we'll
give you the plumbers buddy you need to
make put the profit back in your pocket
listen what does it just say know bad
about our today's I go over to the
million dollar call comvee
million-dollar call calm it's free you
get a left the most magical carpet of
course I'm traps Miller TV
come on I'm marketing I don't like spies
stay classy
you